Docker Threat Modeling
Given Docker's system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats that may arise.
1. Spoofing On Docker Client - Client traffic from the Docker client to the Docker daemon or registry could be spoofed or intercepted by a malicious party and replayed
2. Tampering and Repudiation On Docker Client - An attacker gets control of the Docker client tampering of the Dockerfile that’s used to build the image.
   Once the client is compromised, the attacker may use it to make changes that are not legitimate.
3. Information Disclosure on Docker Host - The Docker host file system may be misconfigured, exposing sensitive information
4. Spoofing on Docker Registry - An image may be spoofed with malicious images or libraries as part of the container layers, which affects image security.
5. Repudiation on Docker Registry - Malicious images may be committed without authorization by an attacker.

References:
Udacity Microservices Security - Lesson 2
https://cloudsecdocs.com/container_security/theory/threats/docker_threat_model/

Kubernetes Threat Modeling
Given Kubernetes' system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats that may arise.
5 concrete attack surface areas for the Kubernetes control plane, etcd, and worker
1. Tampering on K8s Control Plane - The configuration of etcd may be tampered with by an attacker, modifying vital system-level configurations such as pod specs.
2. Information Disclosure on K8s Control Plane - Sensitive information may be exposed via the etcd key-value store.
3. Denial of Service on K8s Control Plane - Excessive traffic to the API server can overwhelm the endpoint. kube-scheduler can incorrectly schedule the pod.
4. Tampering on K8s Node Runtime - The kubelet configuration can be tampered if has less restrictive permissions. Specifically, the kubelet.conf worker configuration file can be tampered with.
5. Information Disclosure on K8s Node Runtime - Kube-proxy can expose sensitive information if has weak restrictive permissions

References:
Udacity Microservices Security - Lesson 2
https://cloudsecdocs.com/container_security/theory/threats/k8s_threat_model/

Docker-bench Run Results and Analysis
From the failed findings, select and document 3 findings from the Docker-bench results that you want to harden based on
the 5 attack surface areas you identified in Step 1. At least 1 of the 3 hardened findings should be different from
the ones mentioned in the exercise (i.e. 5.10, 5.14, and 5.22).


https://docs.docker.com/get-started/overview/